Add info on blocking unplanned identify event (#4853)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/protocols/enforce/schema-configuration.md

**IMPORTANT: Unplanned property omission is ONLY supported in cloud-mode Destinations. Unplanned properties will not be omitted when sending to device-mode Destinations.**

> ## Block Track Calls - Common JSON Schema Violations
> To block all `track` calls that generate a common JSON schema violation, go to your **Schema Configuration**, then go to **Advanced Blocking Controls** and choose **Block Event** from the dropdown. Next, you will need to [edit the underlying JSON schema](https://segment.com/docs/protocols/tracking-plan/create/#edit-underlying-json-schema) and add a rule to the Common JSON Schema definition that you know won't exisit in your `track` event and then trigger a `track` event. Any `track` event that generates a common JSON schema violation will be blocked. 
> 
> Setting the dropdown to **Block Event** will ensure that all `track` events with JSON schema violations (for example, missing required properties, incorrect property value data types, or invalid regex patterns) will be blocked. A less aggressive option is to select Omit from the dropdown which will simply remove the offending property from the event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Block Track Calls - Common JSON Schema Violations

> warning "JSON schema violation event blocking only supports cloud-mode destinations"
> Events with invalid properties are not blocked from device-mode destinations.

To block all Track calls that generate a common JSON schema violation:
1. In your Segment workspace, go to **Schema Configuration**, then click **Advanced Blocking Controls** and select **Block Event** from the dropdown. 
2. [Edit the underlying JSON schema](/docs/protocols/tracking-plan/create/#edit-underlying-json-schema) and add a rule to the Common JSON Schema definition that you know won't exist in your Track event.
3. Trigger a Track event. Any Track event that generates a common JSON schema violation will be blocked.
 
Setting the dropdown to **Block Event** ensures that all Track events with JSON schema violations (for example, missing required properties, incorrect property value data types, or invalid regex patterns) are blocked. A less aggressive option is to select **Omit** from the dropdown which removes the offending property from the events.
```

> This is an advanced feature that requires extensive testing and a squeaky clean data set + tracking plan to enable. To get a sense of which events will be blocked, or properties omitted, go to the Violations view for a source and note all events with a violation. For example, if you added a `subscription_id` required property to your `Subscription Cancelled` event in your Tracking Plan, the below track call would be blocked by Protocols, or property omitted, depending on your setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an advanced feature that requires extensive testing and a squeaky clean data set/Tracking Plan to enable. To get a sense of which events will be blocked, or properties omitted, go to the Violations view for a source and note all events with a violation. For example, if you added a `subscription_id` required property to your `Subscription Cancelled` event in your Tracking Plan, the below track call would be either blocked by Protocols, or the property would be omitted, depending on your settings.
```

```

**IMPORTANT: Unplanned identify trait blocking is ONLY supported in cloud-mode Destinations. Events with invalid traits will not be blocked from sending to device-mode Destinations.**

> ## Block Identify Calls - Common JSON Schema Violations
> To block all `identify` calls that generate a common JSON schema violation, go to your **Schema Configuration**, then go to **Advanced Blocking Controls** and choose **Block Event** from the dropdown. Next, you will need to [edit the underlying JSON schema](https://segment.com/docs/protocols/tracking-plan/create/#edit-underlying-json-schema) and add a rule to the Common JSON Schema definition that you know won't exisit in your `identify` event and then trigger an `identify` event. Any `identify` event that generates a common JSON schema violation will be blocked. 
> 
> Setting the dropdown to **Block Event** will ensure that all `identify` events with JSON schema violations (for example, missing required traits, incorrect property value data types, or invalid regex patterns) will be blocked. A less aggressive option is to select Omit from the dropdown which will simply remove the offending property from the event.
> 
> **IMPORTANT: JSON schema violation event blocking is ONLY supported in cloud-mode Destinations. Events with invalid properties will not be blocked from sending to device-mode Destinations.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Block Identify Calls - Common JSON Schema Violations

> warning "JSON schema violation event blocking only supports cloud-mode destinations"
> Events with invalid properties are not blocked from device-mode destinations.

To block all Identify calls that generate a common JSON schema violation:
1. In your Segment workspace, go to **Schema Configuration**, then click **Advanced Blocking Controls** and select **Block Event** from the dropdown. 
2. [Edit the underlying JSON schema](/docs/protocols/tracking-plan/create/#edit-underlying-json-schema) and add a rule to the Common JSON Schema definition that you know won't exist in your Identify event.
3. Trigger an Identify event. Any Identify event that generates a common JSON schema violation will be blocked. 
Setting the dropdown to **Block Event** will ensure that all Identify events with JSON schema violations (for example, missing required traits, incorrect property value data types, or invalid regex patterns) will be blocked. A less aggressive option is to select **Omit** from the dropdown which will simply remove the offending property from the event.
```
